Fixed material override (#51)
newton-physics/urdf-usd-converter: docs/concept_mapping.md

Whether supporting a partial or a full material conversion, they should be converted to appropriate `UsdShadeMaterial` and `UsdShadeShader` prims, stored alongside the native URDF materials in a library, and bound to the UsdGeom prims using an applied `MaterialBindingAPI`.

If embedded materials are assigned to meshes or their subsets, they will be used.  

> When overriding with URDF materials on these meshes, the URDF materials will be bound to the STL, OBJ, or DAE meshes or subsets that do not have materials assigned (see [material](#material) for guidance).  

Reviewer: Lets change this wording as I suggest here, but also move it below the next paragraph which explains `UsdGeomSubset`

```suggestion
If embedded materials are assigned to meshes or a subset of faces in the OBJ/DAE files, they should be converted to `UsdShadeMaterials` and bound to the appropriate `UsdGeomMesh` or `UsdGeomSubset`. If URDF materials also exist for these meshes/subsets, they should be ignored. Native URDF materials should only be bound to meshes or subsets which do not already receive material bindings from the embedded OBJ/DAE files.

See [material](#material) for further guidance.
```
